I'm aboard the Hudson and akes hh-60 six
carbon-fiber catamaran this is a serious
performance platform starting with the
all carbon fiber mass on hull number
three Nala it's ten feet taller she also
has a five feet longer longer on and
she's 4,000 pounds lighter she's tricked
out to go race to the Caribbean this
season which is exactly what she's going
to do these boats are all about
performance primarily because of these
amazing carbon fiber jagger boards this
boat can fly hull at 16 knots of boat
speed and yet it's push-button sailing
so let's take a look
these boats come in a couple of
different configurations Nala has two
helm stations up they're identical so
you've got twin MFDs you've got
push-button hydraulically controlled
sailing you've got a wheel that hinges
out and then you also can drive from the
navigation station down below all the
halyards and reefing lines I led to this
forward cockpit here with the winches
but here's something you might not
expect on a performance catamaran a full
and rather posh interior we've got a
galley a very large lounging space with
the dining table a full navigation
station and of course some extra
cabinetry here a performance catamaran
is something you're looking for if you
want to a bit of interior as well make
sure you actually take a look at h/h
catamaran
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters